NED University o f Engineering  Technology Department o f Students Affairs No. DSA83888857 Dated: 10-10-2025 Profes sional Education Foundation 2026 The Professional Education Foundation intends to award the above scholarship to the most deserving students of First Year Engineering and Computer Science  Information Technology on Need -cum-Merit . In this connection, you are requested to forward the cases of most deserving students on the attached prescribed scholarship form issued by PEF. However, photocopy of said form is also acceptable. The required documents as mentioned in the application form must be attached by the applicants. Required Attested Documents: 1- University Identity Card. 2- S.S.C  H.S.C Marks Cer tificates. 3- Current Gross Salary Certificate or slip of the father and other earning member or a certificate from a local Councillor of Imam -e-Masjid. 4- Updated B Form  NIC of all dependants of father  guardian. 5- Domicile Certificate. 6- University Admission Fe e Slip. 7- Medical Certificate if the candidate is suffering from any physical disability. 8- Death Certificate if parents(s) expired. 9- Divorce certificate in case the parents are divorced. 10- Two Passport Size photographs pertaining name written in block letters at the back. 11- One copy of Utility Bill (Either Electricity or Gas). The application forms along -with the required documents may please be forwarded by the respective Class Advisors and concerned Chairman to the Students Affairs Department on  before 23-10-2025 for onward transmission to the sponsoring agency. The application form and affidavit may be downloaded from Portal ( pl.neduet.edu.pk ) or ( www.thepef.com ). Please note that an affidavit will be required to be sub mitted after the provisional approval of the concerned students application (The specimen s are also hereby attached) . N.B. 1. The respective class advisor may also be requested forward only the most deserving cases completed in all respect. No incompl ete and late submission of application will be entertained for above scholarship. 2. Students admitted under Self -Finance Scheme are not eligible for this scholarship. 3. The applicants must not getting scholarship  financial assistance from any other source. 4. The candidate must open the account in the bank from transaction of scholarship amount, if awarded. Controller Student Affairs Copy to: All First Year Class Advisors (through Respective Chairpersons)
